Notebook to run the model on Snellius and CRIB (#1)
EcoExtreML/processing: README.md

# processing

> Example notebooks showing how to launch the STEMMUS-SCOPE model.

Author: Corrected!

> The whole workflow is executed using python and all the required packages are listed in the [`environment.yml`](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/processing/blob/main/environment.yml) file. Please use [`environment.yml`](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/processing/blob/main/environment.yml) to configure your conda environment. For more details about how to setup your conda environment, check [here](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/STEMMUS_SCOPE/tree/main/utils/csv_to_nc) (see steps 1 and 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The  workflow is executed using python and MATLAB Runtime. The python packages are listed in the [`environment.yml`](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/processing/blob/main/environment.yml) file. Follow the instructions below to create conda environment and install MATLAB Runtime.
<details>
  <summary>Create conda environment </summary>
```sh  
# Download and install Conda
wget https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Mambaforge-pypy3-Linux-x86_64.sh
bash Mambaforge-pypy3-Linux-x86_64.sh -b -p ~/mamba

# Update base environment
. ~/mamba/bin/activate
mamba update --name base mamba

# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/EcoExtreML/processing.git

# Create a conda environment called 'stemmus' with all required dependencies
cd processing
mamba env create

# The environment can be activated with
. ~/mamba/bin/activate stemmus
```
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Install MATLAB Runtime </summary>
To run the STEMMUS_SCOPE, you need MATLAB Runtime version `2021a`. Use this [download link](https://nl.mathworks.com/products/compiler/matlab-runtime.html) and follow [this instruction](https://nl.mathworks.com/help/compiler/install-the-matlab-runtime.html) to install it.  
Please note MATLAB Runtime is already installed on Snellius, see the script [`run_jupyter_lab_on_compute_node.sh`](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/processing/blob/main/run_jupyter_lab_on_compute_node.sh) on how to load the module.
</details>
```

Reviewer: Let's explain it in full and not use the STEMMUS_SCOPE repository to give the references as it is a private repo. I'm not sure if the markdown syntaxes like `<details>` are correct. Could you please check it? thanks.

Reviewer: lets add something like this for MATLAB Runtime too:

<details>
  <summary>Install MATLAB Runtime </summary>
To run the STEMMUS_SCOPE, you need MATLAB Runtime version `2021a`. Use this [download link](https://nl.mathworks.com/products/compiler/matlab-runtime.html) and follow [this instruction](https://nl.mathworks.com/help/compiler/install-the-matlab-runtime.html) to install it.  
Please note MATLAB Runtime is already installed on Snellius, see the script [`run_jupyter_lab_on_compute_node.sh`](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/processing/blob/main/run_jupyter_lab_on_compute_node.sh) on how to load the module.
</details>

Author: Thanks for your comment! I will add these changes to the readme.

> Use the script [`run_jupyter_lab_on_compute_node.sh`](https://github.com/EcoExtreML/processing/blob/main/run_jupyter_lab_on_compute_node.sh) to create a jupyter lab server on Snellius for running the notebook interactively.

Author: @SarahAlidoost Thanks for the suggestion. I will add these two sections, but leave it empty for "Run jupyter notebook on CRIB" (will fill it in as soon as we try it out CRIB).
